# ID-Assignment-1
● the user audience intent and purpose.
● Who the website is catering for? Value that it is providing to users
● What is the website catering for?
● Attribute all external source code used

So, my project is a retail website. I specialise in clothes and the website is for to sell clothes to other people online. I have the inventory of the clothes and this website is just a place to put up the website. It has articles on the newest shoes so people can see what the hype is about. There is promotions which will attract buyers(The cost has been reduced in the total as well). There are different categories of clothes for different genders and they can also buy from any genre they like and add it to the cart. The cart can store items from both genders and any category. They will be able to see what is in the cart and remove it if they wish. There is also a checkout page where there is validations for them to put in their card numbers. This is the website to go as the design is clean but interactive and we have a wide genre of clothing. It caters to mainly adults as we have not added a kids section yet. So, I designed this website for everyday online shoppers. I wanted to add features that I think are helpful and easy to navigate. Personally, when I want to go online shopping I want to spend most of my time shopping and not finding how to get there. Therefore, I added easy to navigate words that have links to where its suppose to bring them. There are also links that go back to the previous page so if they get bored they are able to browse more without having to go through the trouble of clicking button randomly until they are able to find their way back. There are a few main features that I feel make my website stand out, that is 